chore: document indexing array with Field elements (#11117)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/noir/concepts/data_types/arrays.md

}
```

## Indexing with Field Elements

> Working with the native Field type can help producing more optimized programs (if you know what you are doing!), by avoiding overflow checks in general and in particular for array index, u32 arithmetic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working with the native Field type can help produce more optimized programs (if you know what you are doing!). This avoids overflow checks in general, and in particular for array index and u32 arithmetic.
```

> However Noir type system will require your array index to be `u32`, so if you computed an array index using the Field type, you will have to convert it into a `u32`. This operation is usually costly because the 'unbounded' Field element needs to be reduced modulo `2^32`. However we can benefit from the array out-of-bound checks in order to avoid this costly operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the Noir type system will require your array index to be `u32`, so if you computed an array index using the Field type, you will have to convert it into a `u32`. This operation is usually costly because the 'unbounded' Field element needs to be reduced modulo `2^32`. However we can benefit from the array out-of-bound checks in order to avoid this costly operation.
```
